# apprentice-chef
Apprentice Chef, Inc. is an innovative company with a unique spin on cooking at home. Developed for the busy professional that has little to no skills in the kitchen, they offer a wide selection of daily-prepared gourmet meals delivered directly to your door. Each meal set takes at most 30 minutes to finish cooking at home and also comes with Apprentice Chef's award-winning disposable cookware (i.e. pots, pans, baking trays, and utensils), allowing for fast and easy cleanup. Ordering meals is very easy given their user-friendly online platform and mobile app. Case Challenge Part I (Individual Assignment 1) After three years serving customers across the San Francisco Bay Area, the executives at Apprentice Chef have decided to take on an analytics project to better understand how much revenue to expect from each customer within their first year of using their services. Thus, they have hired you on a full-time contract to analyze their data, develop your top insights, and build a machine learning model to predict revenue over the first year of each customer’s life cycle. They have explained to you that for this project, they are not interested in a time series analysis and instead would like to “keep things simple” by providing you with a dataset of aggregated customer information. Case Challenge Part II (Individual Assignment 2) In an effort to diversify their revenue stream, Apprentice Chef, Inc. has launched Halfway There, a cross-selling promotion where subscribers receive a half bottle of wine from a local California vineyard every Wednesday (halfway through the work week). The executives at Apprentice Chef also believe this endeavor will create a competitive advantage based on its unique product offering of hard to find local wines from smaller vineyards.  Halfway There has been exclusively offered to all of the customers in the dataset you received,  and the executives would like to promote this service to a wider audience. They have tasked you  with analyzing their data, developing your top insights, and building a machine learning model to  predict which customers will subscribe to this service.
